he made the altar of burnt-offering of
acacia wood five cubits was its length
and five cubits its width it was square
and its height was three cubits he made
its horns on its four corners the horns
were of one piece with it and he
overlaid it with bronze he made all the
utensils for the altar the pans the
shovels the basins the forks and the
fire pans all its utensils he made of
bronze and he made a great of bronze
Network for the altar under its rim
Midway from the bottom he cast four
rings for the four corners of the bronze
grating as holders for the poles and he
made the poles of acacia wood and
overlaid them with bronze then he put
the poles into the rings on the sides of
the altar with which to bear it he made
the altar hollow with boards he made the
laver of bronze and his base of bronze
from the bronze mirrors of the serving
women who assembled at the door of the
tabernacle of meeting then he made the
court on the south side the hangings of
the court were a fine woven linen 100
cubits long there were 20 pillars for
them with twenty bronze sockets the
hooks of the pillars and their bans were
silver on the north side the hangings
were 100 cubits long with 20 pillars and
there 20 bronze sockets the hooks of the
pillars and their bans were silver and
on the west side
there were hangings of 50 cubits with
ten pillars and there ten sockets the
hooks of the pillars and their bands
were silver for the east side the
hangings were 50 cubits the hangings of
one side of the gate were 15 cubits long
with their three pillars and their three
sockets and the same for the other side
of the court gate on this side and that
were hangings of 15 cubits with their
three pillars and their three sockets
all the hangings of the court all around
but a fine woven linen the sockets for
the pillars were bronze the hooks of the
pillars and their bands were silver and
the overlay of their capitals was silver
and all the pillars of the court had
bands of silver the screen for the gate
of the court was woven of blue purple
and scarlet thread and a fine woven
linen the length was 20 cubits and the
height along its width was five cubits
corresponding to the hangings of the
court and there were four pillars were
there four sockets of bronze their hooks
were silver and the overlay of their
capitals and their bands was silver all
the pegs of the tabernacle and of the
court all around were bronze this is the
inventory of the tabernacle the
tabernacle of the testimony which was
counted according to the commandment of
Moses for the service of the Levites by
the hand of ofoma
son of Aaron the priest Bezalel the son
of Juraj the son of hur of the tribe of
judah made all that the Lord had
commanded Moses and with him was a
holier the son of a his anak of the
tribe of Dan and engraver and designer a
weaver of blue purple and scarlet thread
and of fine linen all the gold that was
used in all the work of the holy place
that is the gold of the offering was
twenty nine talents and seven hundred
and thirty shekels according to the
shekel of the sanctuary and the silver
from those who were numbered of the
congregation was one hundred talents and
1775 shekels according to the shekel of
the sanctuary
a beaker for each man that is half a
shekel according to the shekel of the
sanctuary for everyone included in the
numbering from 20 years old and above
for six hundred and three thousand five
hundred and fifty men and from the
hundred talents of silver were cast the
sockets of the sanctuary and the basis
of the veil 100 sockets from the hundred
talents one talent for each socket then
from the 1775 shekels
he made hooks for the pillars overlaid
their capitals and made bands for them
the offering of bronze was 70 talents
and two thousand four hundred shekels
and with it
he made the sockets for the door of the
tabernacle of meeting the bronze altar
the bronze grating for it and all the
utensils for the altar the sockets for
the court all around the bases for the
court gate all the pegs for the
tabernacle and all the pegs for the
court all around